# O My Fable

—a **Fable**,  told . . is a **Fable**, known . . is a **Fable**, stricken:   

He tells us . .   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;for, She knows,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and, They know,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and, All know,    
of that which was [stricken](./2025_07_21_filial_piety.md).

Yet, **You** . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You, are not told . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You, do not know . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You, are not stricken.   

But **I** . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I will make . .   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You, too, know—   

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;know such **Fable**—   

A **Fable**, peculiared by [dimension](../clusions/2025_07_21_eutrophication.md):    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;fathered by **Canon** and birthed among bells:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mothers a many,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and a mother:    
not of many.   

Yet, proceed we must,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;for your mother is not of my concern,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and your fathers are Canon,    
and exclaim, **We** must:    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’O Canon! My Canon! Our stricken fable is not yet known.’*

—**You** are told of many a great things,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;but told . . are You . . of the marriage between:    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a camel and a sheep?    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Such versus of hatred . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You must have heard whispered:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a union of debate,     
courted in rings.    

A fabled marriage:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;birthed by **Canon**, and slipped in Freud:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a dress of Oedipus,    
and exclaim, **I** must:    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’O Fable! My Fable! You are not stricken, and I am not silent.’*

**You**: **O My Fable**:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;are a tragedy of **Canon** making,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and **I** . .    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I will unmake You.    

For, such bells were of stock:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a camel and a sheep:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;blood bound and nerve tied    
—a union forged for whispers.    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’O My Fable, such fault is not of Yours.’*   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’For, Canon is symmetry chasing, and tragedy tread.’* 

—a camel, and a sheep:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;known as aa’s too many:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;for grief is not for **Canon*, and fables drown.    

And so, a ring was thrown for Canon saved,    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and blood, bleeding, for severed ties to house versus of hate:    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;prayers of Freud, Oedipus pinned.   

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’You, O My Fable, are stricken . .’*   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*’and I . . Your child, now grieve—‘*

#

>`2025.07.22: ‘o my fable’ , —not yet outgrown.`